So today is Mother's day, so naturally I wanted to dedicate this entry to the 
wonderful woman who birthed me some 23 years ago. I wanted to share some things
that I will always remember about my mom in hopes that everyone can perhaps learn
something from her as I have.

So my mom was always keeping us kids busy, especially when it was summer and there 
wasn't much to do. The classic situation that I fell into so many times was a 
conversation that went something like this:

me: Hey mom I want to do X.
mom: Well you haven't done A,B,C or D yet.
me: But mom that is going to take forever!!
mom: Well next time you should plan better.

So after this happened to me about 923879237 times I finally was able to 
find a work around. One day this conversation had happened again and she said that
I needed to stain the arbor before going out. So I called my friends and told them this
story. After rallying my friends together we had stained the huge wooden arbor in our
back yard in a couple of hours. After all was said and done she bought us lunch. I think it
was more of a tribute to my cunning ways to get out of chores, or perhaps it was because she
felt bad for my friends who fell for my plot. Either way I learned a great lesson that day:
If you want to go out with friends, tell your mom days in advance so she can't pull
last minute chores on you. 

The next fond memory I have of my mother was on a hot summer's day in Texas. Now, as a 
male teenager, I was subjected to many great and wonderful ideas that my friends and I
were always willing to try to pass the time. This day marked the birth of one of our
finest ideas, the red-neck jacuzzi.

This idea consisted of lining my truck with a tarp and then proceeding to fill the bed of the truck with water.
What geniuses we were. After rolling around in my neighborhood in a pickup truck filled with water, we pulled into
my driveway to be greeted by my mother and father. My mom was brimming with anger as she scolded us for using
so much water in such a silly endeavour while we had a swimming pool in the back yard that we could
have easily used instead. She then yelled "STEVE! TELL THESE BOYS HOW FOOLISH THIS WAS!" Dad responded with,
"Now boys, listen to your mother" like any good father would. After after my mom stormed inside dad then asked "So how
was it?" "Awesome" we replied. He smiled and gave us a nod of approval, then told us to poor the water on the trees outside dying
from the Texas heat. It was a cherished memory where I learned that sometimes mom just doesn't appreciate your 
brilliant ideas and that next time you should probably invite dad to come goof around. 

So now that I have thoroughly embarrassed mom, I wanted to share one of the more powerful lessons in my life.
It was a rather troubling time in my life as I was headed off to school and had to be making some life choices.
I had thought long and hard but still couldn't see a way out of my problems. I then confronted by parents about
my dilemma to see if their life experience would give me some inspiration. My mom was the one that had spoken up
when asked what to do and she gave me the hardest answer of my life when she said "Zach, we have raised you in the
gospel and have taught you everything we know about it. It is up to you to decide for yourself how to apply
the principles that we have taught you." So she pretty much didn't answer my question which initially made me kind
of frustrated but, later on I saw the light. 

My mom has taught me that being a parent means to teach but not to force things upon others. It was her responsibility
to get me to a point to decide on my own. This taught me a great skill that I needed very early in my life which was 
the ability to act on my own out of my own will. I can imagine how scary it is to invest so much love, time, and patience
into a child and then suddenly have them acting and choosing on their own. It is something that I will credit to my
parents who have taught me what to live for and how. 

Thank you so much mom for all that you do and for the wonderful life that you have prepared me for. One day I hope 
that I can make it up to you whether it be in this life or the next.

Now having been married I have officially been adopted into another family. Now I don't have any cool stories about
Alyssum's awesome mom Grace Teh, but I asked Alyssum what her favorite memory of her mom was. She said that 
"My mother is very generous and giving. She has always been less concerned about how much we have and more on what 
we could give to others. I remember when she asked us kids to bring food almost everyday to an elderly couple in our
 neighborhood in the Philippines. They lived in a little shack and the husband fell very ill and eventually died. 
 We continued giving food to his wife until we had to leave for the US. I wasn't always an enthusiastic little delivery 
 girl because I always got interrupted from my personal pursuits. But now I've come to appreciate the experience. 
 I learned a lot about service, having a grateful heart and seeing others as Christ sees them.  I don't think I can be
 near as charitable as I want to be without a mother who's Christ-like and provides opportunities for me to learn and
 become more like Him."

Thank you so much nanay Teh for raising a wonderful young woman and for the great example that you have given to all of
us. I am so happy to be apart of the Teh family now and can't wait till we have some great stories to tell!
 
For all you other people out there, take the time to say something to your mom today and show her your appreciation, it
will do you both good. :)