--Welcome to the City--

	
	-Note #1)
	
	[notes from a old journal]

	Day 46

		We are officially sealed in with the rest of the subjects. I honestly wonder how this will

	pan out. I don't see an end to the war and only expect the worse from the magnitude of the weapons

	that will be played with on the outside world. We only have backup power for 50 years so at least I

	will have a happy slow death in this concrete tomb. I wonder how the others are doing



	You skip to a much later entry..



	Day 293847

		The enterence have been compromised. Its been 2 days since I ran and locked myself in this room.

	The alarms sounded and I only assumed what could be my untimely death. Looks like my wish was only that.

	The screams of my comrades can be heard from outside the doors. Something unpleasant lies out side the

	confines of this room and I'm not close to coming to find out. If this lasts much longer I only feel the 

	only alternative would be a quick painful way out. My best regards to who ever finds this and best

	of luck against what ever lies outside of this place for it can only be the stuff of dreams.


	
	-Note #2)

	[research notes]

	Subject 1337

	feb 3

	Has yet to respond to treatments but is showing signs of heightened metal activity. Will follow up with

	a CT scan of brain



	feb 14 

	CT scan shows rapid brain growth and accelerated problem solving functionality. Will continue treatments

	and scans in hopes of finding traces of N7.



	feb 26

	subject has attacked two nurses claiming that he was told to do so. One was put into the ICU from blood loss from a 

	severed hand while the other escaped missing only a finger. While trying to sedate the subject, guards were

	attacked again but the subject was put under. He will remain on life support till more testing is needed to be

	performed



	subject 42

	oct 27

	Subject reacted to treatments with large boils and massive amounts of pain. reported deceased this morning

	from loos of blood through vomiting. subject 43 will take his place in the morning.


	
	-Note #3)

	[more research notes]
	
	subject N005 

	march 28

	subject shows promising signs of muscle growth. His mass is reported to have increased by at least 50% since

	testing has begun. Brain activity has slowed and may correspond linearly with mucsle growth. will continue

	treatments and report results. Testing positive for possible activation of N7 gene.



	march 31

	growth rates and mental digression have stabilized at 75%. Subject sedated until other trials have been performed.

	Because of mental stability subject will only be awakened if absolutely necessary. 
